Add 1.23 release notes (#721)
kyma-project/website: content/blog-posts/2021-05-27-release-notes-1.23/index.md

## Service Mesh

### Istio upgraded to version 1.9.5

With this release, we upgraded Istio to version 1.9.5. This upgrade fixes several security vulnerabilities and a few minor issues. See [Istio 1.9.5 release announcements](https://istio.io/latest/news/releases/1.9.x/announcing-1.9.5/) for more information.

## Service Management

### Service Catalog deprecation

We decided to deprecate Service Catalog and all the related components, and in the nearest future, we are going to completely remove them. The main reason for this decision is the fact that hyperscale cloud providers no longer support the Open Service Broker API for service provisioning. Instead, they switched to operators, and we will also follow this approach in Kyma Service Management. Here you can learn more about operators for three main cloud providers:

- [GCP](https://cloud.google.com/config-connector/docs/how-to/getting-started)
- [Azure](https://github.com/Azure/azure-service-operator)
- [AWS](https://github.com/aws-controllers-k8s/community)

> The decision impacts also these components that are deprecated together with Service Catalog:

Reviewer: This phrasing sounds to me like they've already been announced as deprecated and we're just now announcing that they're also been affected, whereas in reality we want to announce the opposite. How about this way? 

```suggestion
Furthermore, the following components have been impacted by this decision and are therefore deprecated together with Service Catalog:
```
